the freestyler hand paddle has been on
the market for several years as the name
implies this paddle has a very specific
use this is a freestyle paddle with such
targeted use this won't be your only
paddle in your swim bag but that's not a
bad thing tools with a specific purpose
are great for learning proper technique
because they encourage swimmers to focus
on specific things at specific times
while most paddles are designed for
resistance and strength training the
fenice freestyler hand paddle is best
fused for improving freestyle technique
and efficiency the unique shape
encourages high elbows maximum extension
and reach at the front of the stroke and
proper hand entry the freestyler hand
paddles designed like a surfboard with a
longfin that runs down the underside of
the paddle and acts like a rudder this
fin aids and keeping the ham extended
directly forward rather than allowing
the hand to pitch in or out the rear
edge of the paddle is designed to wrap
around your wrist as you start your
catch the cutout shape at the wrist
encourages you to catch the water early
this cutout allows you to leave the
catch with your fingers and allows a
slight bend in the wrist to get
everything started although the
freestyler hand paddle looks like a
large paddle it really isn't the tapered
nose lets you spear through the water
out front and compared to a more
standard sized and shaped paddle it
feels very small in the water it won't
give you the feeling of power that some
paddles do instead it encourages you to
lead with your hand forward and then
rely on creating a longer paddle with
your entire arm the freestyler is an
excellent paddle for teaching efficient
technique for the Freestyle hand entry
extension and catch its unique shape
automatically guys your hand into full
extension
this is a great feature for teaching
younger swimmers who tend to dig and
claw through the water when they put on
a pair of the slightly smaller
freestyler junior paddles young swimmers
will start to lengthen their strokes
almost immediately if you love the pole
the freestyler is a good paddle because
it doesn't create as much resistance as
other panels it's a paddle you can use
for a longer time without worrying too
much about soreness or worse injury the
freestyler is a versatile paddle that
can be used for standard pulling or
sprint
or resisted pulling with either a swim
tether or parachute when you use the
freestyler with a fini center mount
swimmer snorkel you can settle in and
focus on the fine points of hand entry
and extension when used with the
Finney's tempo trainer the freestyler
helps you maintain good extension and
glide even as you swim at higher stroke
rates
these three fenice products the
freestyler hand paddle template trainer
and swim or snorkel our exceptional
tools for working on struck technique
and pacing
you